this is a much-needed break for us we
love Brooklyn my kids eat love Brooklyn
in fact they're becoming little Brooklyn
Heights this morning my two-year-old
Billy we're having a breakfast and he
goes hey old man where's my where's my
oatmeal already
they're so cute at that age they really
are we have a great show for you tonight
Eddie Murphy is here with us
music from the sugary whole gang tonight
they
and as if that isn't enough we have
another star in the Brooklyn sky tonight
he is from Mexico please say hello to my
security guard Guillermo everybody
hola
do a little spin for us come on let's
see the back of that thing
I know I know you're supposed to be
Eddie Murphy but you look like a big
fruit roll-up a little sausage hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel and I am not allowed to eat
this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry